Add async iterator sample to the SignalR streaming doc (#11140)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/streaming.md

---
title: Use streaming in ASP.NET Core SignalR
author: bradygaster

> description:

Reviewer: Add a brief, 1-sentence description of the doc

## Set up the hub

::: moniker range=">= aspnetcore-3.0"

> A hub method automatically becomes a streaming hub method when it returns a `ChannelReader<T>`, a `IAsyncEnumerable<T>`, `Task<ChannelReader<T>>` or `Task<IAsyncEnumerable<T>>`.

Reviewer 2: remove "a" from in front of `IAsyncEnumerable<T>`

> A hub method automatically becomes a streaming hub method when it returns a `ChannelReader<T>`, a `IAsyncEnumerable<T>`, `Task<ChannelReader<T>>` or `Task<IAsyncEnumerable<T>>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A hub method automatically becomes a streaming hub method when it returns a `ChannelReader<T>`, `IAsyncEnumerable<T>`, `Task<ChannelReader<T>>`, or `Task<IAsyncEnumerable<T>>`.
```

Author: Do we typically use the oxford comma?

::: moniker-end

::: moniker range="< aspnetcore-3.0"

> A hub method automatically becomes a streaming hub method when it returns a `ChannelReader<T>` or a `Task<ChannelReader<T>>`.

Reviewer 2: nit: spacing around the moniker stuff

::: moniker-end

> Below is a sample that shows the basics of streaming data to the client using Channels. Whenever an object is written to the `ChannelWriter` that object is immediately sent to the client. At the end, the `ChannelWriter` is completed to tell the client the stream is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sample shows the basics of streaming data to the client using Channels. Whenever an object is written to the `ChannelWriter` that object is immediately sent to the client. At the end, the `ChannelWriter` is completed to tell the client the stream is closed.
```
